README.md, before:

# PwnRaid

A Bukkit/Spigot Minecraft plugin to manage raid mechanics for more multiplayer fun.

## About 

PwnRaid is a Bukkit/Spigot Minecraft plugin that manages raid mechanics 
allowing players to more easily trigger raids, increase raid difficulty, 
track statistics, and present additional awards for raid victories.

## Config

Enabled Worlds: The plugin will not run in any world unless it is set in
the enabled worlds configuration.

Trigger Item: Set items to strike a bell with to trigger a raid. The value 
of the item from is supposed to set the raid intensity (WIP)

Plugin development by: tREMor

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add some more into to readme

README.md, after:

# PwnRaid

A Bukkit/Spigot Minecraft plugin to manage raid mechanics for more multiplayer fun.

## About 

PwnRaid is a Bukkit/Spigot Minecraft plugin that manages raid mechanics 
allowing players to more easily trigger raids, increase raid difficulty, 
track statistics, and present additional awards for raid victories.

## Config

Enabled Worlds: The plugin will not run in any world unless it is set in
the enabled worlds configuration.

Trigger Item: Set items to strike a bell with to trigger a raid. The value 
of the item from is supposed to set the raid intensity (WIP)

## Other Configuration

Server difficulty: Easy, Normal, and Hard modes affect the number of raid waves
that are triggered. For maximum fun, set difficulty to hard in your server 
properties.

Map / Village: A flat world is nice because you can setup up some defenses and 
maybe use a plugin like worldedit to create a schematic for repeatability. Due 
to raid spawning nature, natural villages may cause inadvertent issues with 
pillagers spawning in caves or getting stuck, causing the raid to fail or timeout.

## Other

Plugin development by: ERRonLoad

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
